hey guys so I thought I'd do a vera
bradley collection video um I love
watching the videos everyone else makes
so I thought hey you know maybe i'll
make a video and you know whoever
watches the watches it all right so I'm
just gonna get started oh and also if
you can't tell my favorite pattern is
raspberry fizz I love it I love the
colors and I just love the design so
yeah anyway I'll just get started right
now so first item is going to be my zip
idée case and this is the first item I
got and the pattern is hoped oil and
here i just put like my school ID and
then this is just a lanyard from my
school and then inside i just have like
my school card school credit card stuff
like that so it's really cute and
convenient next is a very badly purple
punch card holder i haven't used this
yet but i love the pattern it's really
cute then next is going to be my small
cosmetic also in raspberry fizz I love
this flower it's so cute then here I
just like to keep my makeup and stuff
like that Quincy next is the large
cosmetic and I haven't really used this
yet either and but what I like about
this is that it has the plastic lining
so if you spill anything in here it
won't damage the fabric this I got it
because for traveling you can put like
your shampoos and stuff like that so
pretty cool next is my coin purse also
known as reef is duh and in here I just
keep like my coupons I have like
receipts in here I have a card holder
and inside I have like all my other
cards that I don't really use that much
maybe a frequent buyer cards and stuff
like that so this is really cute I just
toss this in my bag so it's also
convenient next I have my all in one
wristlet and the pattern is mod floral
pink and then here I have my license
what I like about this is that when you
open it
it has three slots for your cards and
then leg back here it has a spot for
your cash and it also has this little
section for your change so it's really
cute wallet and you can also put your
phone in here so i really like it a lot
and I they didn't have raspberry fizz so
i went with mod floral pink not it would
have been Rodriguez but yeah then i have
my school bag and this is the curvy tail
I don't think they make this one anymore
which is real shame because I really
like the size it's like the perfect size
not too big not too small and it has
like this really big pocket here which I
like and then it has a zip pocket right
here and it also has one two three four
pockets right here see and then I just
have like my books for school and stuff
like that all right and I think my last
item is going to be the on the go and
it's browser it is of course and what I
really like about this bag is just it
has so many pockets it has one on each
side so like cell phone and keys has a
zipper pocket right here and then inside
it has three more pockets so I really
like this it also has an adjustable
strap so you can even do this like a
cross body so I really like it when I'm
going to the mall or when I'm shopping i
want my hands-free I just saw just a
strap make it long and just put across
my body and I'm all set alright well I
think that's it ah some other things I
also had the other one wristlet in
frankly scarlet but I gave it to my
sister and she really likes it and i
also have a vera and pink elephants but
i don't have it here with me right now
so um maybe i'll do an update video i
don't know it depends if you guys enjoy
watching this or not alright well i hope
you guys enjoyed thank you bye